1) Planet Production values are reported to be 0 when they are not.  Also the icons should be centered on the columns.  Here is an image: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260209_193304_946970_strategy_viewport.png

2) Build Yards - 

3) In the Species Setup, for the Ships view:
- The portrait view images are the correct size, the top down images need to be larger, the visible portion of teh images should be about the same height as the portrait views
- The images need to be closer together, and the labels should be centered above both the top down, and portrait view of the ships.  Currently the design labels are to the right of the portrait views.  We could probably put 3 views per line instead of 2, and show 9 designs instead of 6
- The Names of the Various themes should be a scrollable list on the left side, They are currently on top of the design images.  The design images can be shifted to the right and made to be a little tighter together.
- Here is a current image: "C:\Dev\Starship Battles\screenshots\2026-02-10 14-32-33.png"

4) In the Build Yards List the Yard names and their properties should be on 1 line, not multiple lines, they do not fit on multiple lines.  Here is an image: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260210_145330_389696_build_queue.png

C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260210_150203_280788_build_queue.png




Reported:

1) When I save a game then load it later, all of the ships/fleets are missing.

16) (Fleet Details) In the Fleet Details panel on the lower right, the following should be shown/possible:
 - The total number of hexes that the fleet can travel
 - a scrollable list of all ships in the fleet - this should be condensed, where it is the ship Design with a multiple so: Devastater x 3 if there are 3 devastators, the most massive vehicles should be 1st with the smaller ships listed below.
 - a list of all cargo - with quantities of each cargo item
 
The Planet details panel needs to have a better resources section:  It should be a separate panel within the planet report, where there are columns for each resource, headed by an icon for the respective resource found in: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\assets\Images\Resource Portraits
And rows for: total quantity of the resouce on the planet, quality of the resource, current production - 0 if not a colony planet.
This should be at the pbottom of the panel, and the scrollable panel will have to be shorter, and no longer contain any of the Resource information.

1) In the species setup: When I select a homeworld type it still reports it as Custom

2)  The normal new games should also have homeworld planets with the same complexes pre-built as the quickstart games.

3) There are a bunch of isses with the Sector Build Queue Window
 a) In the Sector Build queue window, none of the stats for the selected ship show in the right side panel, they are all just -- ()dashes) see this image: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260208_203259_243902_build_queue.png
 b) None of the production costs are listed in the actual build queue: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260208_203357_941165_build_queue.png  This image also shows that the icons for resource cost will be too close together, they need to be spread out.
 c) The klist of Build Yards is too narrow, it can be wider so that everything can be on one line, at least 2 to 3 times as wide.  Here it is currently: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260208_203542_049138_build_queue.png
 d) The list that currently says Build Yard (singular) should say Build Queue - The name of the Build yard 
 e) currently the design that is shown in the right hand panel is based only on the design selected from available designs, it also needs to be possible to select a design in the queue, th design on the right should then show that design.
 f) the design details on the right do not indicate the name or vehicle type or class of the design and it needs to.
 g) the rate of production still says 1 turn to produce designs that are more than 3000 of some resources.  it should say 2 turns for a design that costs 4500 metals, the design should show up about half way through the 2nd turns ticks


4) The Planet details panel on the right side of the planets list should be the same dimensions as the one in the main strategy layer.

5) The log is supposed to show at the start of each strategy layer turn

We need to restructure the build queue, since there can be multiple build queues on a planet, and multiple build queues within a ship and fleet, when you go to the build queue you need te be able to seel the list of available build queues in that sector (hex) you can select one queue and see what is being constructed in that queue - this should behave almost identically to what we currently have.  You can select multiple queues, this won't show what is currently queued up, but it will allow adding to multiple queues at one time.  The added items will jest get added to teh end of each queue.  The list of build queues could become very long, so it should be a colum just to the right of the planet details panel, that extends from the top of the window to the bottom just above the bar that says close, this list will extend down to the right of the Available designs as well.  The current list of items in the build queue can be moved to the right and made more narrow.



There Should be a button up top called menue it should have:
Save Game (moved from the top bar in the strategy view
Load Game
Settings - (just a dummy button for now)
Controls - (just a dummy button for now)
Quite to Main Menue (goes back to the opening screen)
Quite Game (Ends Game entirely)


For every window that opens in the strategy layer there should be a hotkey associated with every button in that window.  There will also be additional hotkeys for things like orders, and some other commands.
I want to have a .json file that defines all of the default hotkeys, and then a settings window that allows the player to change them.
The settings window should be able to save the hotkeys to a file, and load them from a file.  The settings window should also allow the player to reset the hotkeys to the default values.
Please go through every single button that is connected to the strategy layer, and add a hotkey to it.  I want to be able to change the hotkeys in the settings window.  Order hotkeys should be able to be changed as well.
The menue --> controls bnutton should be the way to get to changing the hotkeys.


1)  In the Design Workshop, In the ship structure list when multiple of the same component are in different layers pressing the + or - buttons to the right do not nessesarily add/remove the component from that layer, it may come from or go to another layer that already has one of the same components.

2) Leader needs a name in Species Setup

3) Rework the build queue screen/system:
- When I select a specific build queue from the build queues list in the Sector(hex) build Queue Screen, it needs to be indicated which I have selected
- The Build Queues List should be renamed Build Yards - there are planetary yards (can only build planetary facilities, every planet defaults to having one) and tehr are Shipyards which can build anything if they are in the same sector(hex) as a planet.
- Planetary yards can only build complexes for the planet that they are on, Ship Yards in a complex on a planet can only build complexes for the planet that they are on.  Ships with Ship Yards in the same sectora as multiple planets can can build complexes for any planet, Any time a icomplex is added to a ship yard build queue that is in a fleet, if there are multiple colonies in the sector then you need to specify which planet the item is built for.  We should be using the same code that is used to specify which planet is being colonized when a colony ship is sent to a sector with multiple planets.  The code will need to be reworked to make it more modular and generic, but both uses cases should be able to use the same code.
- The Build Yards list needs to include the build rate of each queue, the list can be wider, there needs to be an easy way to select multiple build yards from the list to add multiple items
- The items in the build Queue should show their current daily resource cost to construct.
- there could be collumns and headers in the build queue list, you can use the resource icons for the productions cost headers
- the current building does not appear to actually depend on teh cost of the vehicle
1) In the New Game Setup, I need to be able to select number of star systems in the starting galaxy should be 25 to 150 (can be a slider)

2) In the Race Setup, the window should be larger

3) RAce setup --> racial points should bew displayed in the Environment windows, so that I know how fast I'm using them.

4) Game Setup + RAce Setup should follow the same visual themes as the strategy layer, and design workshop

5) All reference to race should be changes to species instead (both in code, and in game)

6) In the Species Setup the Aptitudes shoud be 1 to 100, base 50, and it should be linear to 50, but exponentially expensive beyond 50

7) When the homeworld type is selected, all environmental preferences should be set to a typical value for that type of planet.

8) In the strategy layer, The starting planet for a player should have exactly the same conditions as the ideal conditions for that species.

9) In the Design Workshop placing a component in multiple layers causes problems,  I had a Life Support component in the Inner layer, then added one to the outer layer, and then it looks like this: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260207_150507_593326_mouse_focus.png  The component in the outer layer shows, but the inner layer component disapears, and there is a blank space.

10) In the Design Workshop, in the Component modifyers Panel, all applicable modifiers should always be selected, and shown, all non applicable modifyers should not be shown.  Here is a visual of the panel when a Life Support module is selected, the Hardened component should be selected, but just default to 1.00 it should not be possible to unselect it, and Currently it does not start out selected like it should be.  please look into all modifyerss, as there are a few that seem to do this: C:\Dev\Starship Battles\output\screenshots\screenshot_20260207_150924_614024_mouse_focus.png

11) In the Design Workshop when playing the actual game, I should not be able to select different vehicle themes, currently I can select different themes, but they don't actually impact the image of the ships shown.  There should not be an option to select a theme in the design workshop when playing the strategy layer.

12) In the strategy layer there should be a button on the top named "Build Queues" that load the list of all build queues.

13) In the Fleet Report I need to be able to select a ship, the Ship report should show on the right side.  I once selected I need to be able to remove a ship from the fleet.

14) The scroll wheel gets locket out of teh strategy view occasionally, rolling the wheel has no impact on the zoom level.

15) When I give a ship a colonize order, they should try to load population before they move, this should be an order in the order queue.